[unification] fix regression #135 (#137)
LPCIC/elpi: CHANGES.md

# v1.14.1 (February 2022)

- Runtime:

>   - Fix unification dealing with eta expanded clause argument

Author: ```suggestion
  - Fix unification dealing with a deep `AppArg` (regression)
```
